[DOCS] Profile Has Privileges API (#87360)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/user-profile.asciidoc

with the <<security-api-update-user-profile-data,update user profile API>>. For
example, you can add user-specific preferences as part of the profile data.

Use the <<security-api-suggest-user-profile,suggest user profile API>> to search profiles
that match given criteria. This search API is designed to support user-suggestions,
in collaboration with features such as those found in {kib}.
However, the suggest user profile API is not intended to provide a general-purpose search API.

Lastly, you can use the <<security-api-has-privileges-user-profile, has privileges API for

> user profiles>> to check the privileges of multiple users, given their profiles' unique IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user profiles>> to check the privileges of multiple users by specifying their profiles' unique IDs.
```
